Removed remaining references to deprecated tutorial (#1439)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/get-started/example-project/exampleproject-play.md

</br>
**Next steps:**

* If you have an existing Unreal multiplayer project, you can follow the detailed [porting guide]({{urlRoot}}/content/tutorials/tutorial-porting-guide) to get it onto the GDK.

* If you want to start a project from scratch, follow the set up guide for the [Starter Template]({{urlRoot}}/content/get-started/starter-template/get-started-template-intro) to set up a blank project using the GDK. 

<br/>------<br/>

> _2019-08-14 Page updated with editorial review: removed link to deprecated tutorial - multiple deployments for session-based games_</br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_2019-10-18 Page updated with editorial review: removed link to deprecated tutorial - multiple deployments for session-based games_</br>
```
